for the first time in cameroon and
in the central africa subregion
the leading bolloré group of solutions
custom logistics deploys a
innovative and clean technology for
develop transport and
collective services from
solar energy at the university of
yaoundé since May 2014
2 blue bus clean silent and no
pollutant allow students and
teachers to get around for free
this initiative is not unique since
2013 a first bus line 100%
electric is operating in hill
ivory on the site of the University of
Boigny houphouet in Abidjan at home
I arrive at the entrance of the campus that I
go fishing a little bit hurry the point of
each faculty is found at least at
comfortable plaster far apart so here
when we arrive the electric buses
each bus travels 47 people
on average which represents 65 thousand
passengers transported in the month the blockade
has innovative break set on
the roof with a power of 30 kilowatts
hour for an autonomy of some 150
km per day
for energy supply a
space bolloré blue solution equipped with
photovoltaic panels was erected at
within campus so blue solution put
at the point a technology unique in the world
lmp lithium metal technology
polymer that through its applications
mobile is stationary respond to
major energy challenges of the continent
African by storing the energy of the sun
inexhaustible and ecological and in
restoring it at any time of the day
like night
world leader in electricity storage
to the would have deployed so solutions
totally innovative is safe for
develop clean transport and a
intelligent energy management